Hey guys welcome back.
We're going to work on today is this volume pie in the bottom right hand corner.
And I'll show you what's go little like show shouldn't be a volume slider.
Along with the volume burn right.
And when you click on this burn it's going to mute the volume for you to head back to your page index
of BHB.
Scroll down to this section and we've have the bomb now playing right in there.
Just put a div.
And this is going to have the class.
Volume bar like that says the class volume bar and inside of that if you're going to do a button and
it's going to be the button the press to meet the song.
So this is going to have the class.
Control but and which is our class.
We have here that we give to all our bones.
And volume and title is going to be volume.
But in my case when you hover over the boat and it's going to show volume burn and then in that burn
which good image taric just like all the other Burns have done and the source is going to be ascites
slash images slash icons and then slash images at the buttons cord so assets images icons it's going
to be volume volume up in because we also have one volume mute.
But this is just complete volume.
PRNG So volume doppie and G like that save that and then refresh up aging you hopefully see a burn with
that image.
So there we go.
There's a burn out there and we will give our image an old tag which remember is the value of this display
if this image can't be found for whatever reason.
Let's say this image is deleted or something or renamed rather than just sharing nothing else.
It will show volume like that so people still know what the button does.
Until we fix the problem.
This doesn't make any difference to the functionality.
It's just a really good habit to get into an alt attributes to a haemorrhages.
So I would just leave it like that.
Okay and now the Zephyr do is the slider part of this actual progress bar that so all we need to do
is copy and paste the progress bar from above.
Because remember we really informatic the progress bar for this part.
We just need to copy and paste this code here so f thing from the class progress bar.
Copy that from above and paste it underneath this burn here and then that's it.
Let me just move this back a bit and then if I say that you hopefully see a progress by next to the
burn area there's a progress bar.
Obviously it doesn't look great at the moment but there it is.
So let's go and stylist now.
So right click inspect element on that and then we'll go to our volume bar to the div that's called
roll bar.
Let's give this a style we won't need to do much leches give it a width of the street 180 pixels so
that's a good width.
That's also a position absolute.
And then right is going to be zero.
Okay that's fine it still doesn't look great but this is okay.
So copy and paste all that.
Go back to our style sheet at the bottom.
Just put forth like that place that in there and then save it and then progress bar.
Right here we can give this a weight of 25 pixels.
Yeah that's good.
One under 25 pixel width and you'll see that we only have progress bar stiring applied here which has
a with 100 per cent but we want this which to take effect when it is a volume bar.
So copy and paste that and the way we do that is being a target the by a div that's underneath the volume
bar case together to start a sheet and then do a volume bar progress bar like that.
So the process by a device underneath the volume by div an hour an hour refresh.
This should ideally see the style we did our right now obviously it's still not quite right is still
too high up in this bar.
So let's work on moving that down so go on the now playing.
Right Dave right there and you see we only have two bits of style applied already.
Let's just go ahead and give this a position relative and then make this have a margin top of 15 pixels.
Yeah 16 is good and for some reason it's moving that as well.
I'm not sure why that is.
As a starter.
I'm doing in the wrong part that I'm doing in there too.
This style is being applied to both the Now Playing right and now playing left.
So we only want to apply to the Now Playing right part to copy inflators two lines and go back to wrga
and I can see that it's on line 28.
So go back to line 28 and we have this code right here.
Is now playing left and now playing right and we just want to do one for only now.
Playing right like that gay peso's to in there.
Save that.
Okay.
And there's our style.
See the evidence supplied and it's pretty good right now.
I'm happy with that.
So ever but right here doesn't do anything yet.
Loves it when we click it later and it would change on newburn and we will be able to drag these slides
to which we can't do at the moment.
Okay so that's it.